Update README and add CHANGELOG (#46)
FreeRTOS/coreMQTT-Agent: README.md

## coreMQTT Agent Library

> The coreMQTT Agent library is a high level API that adds thread safety to the [coreMQTT](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/coreMQTT) library. The library provides thread safe equivalents to the coreMQTT's APIs, so it can be used in multi-threaded environments. The coreMQTT Agent library manages the MQTT connection by serializing the access to the coreMQTT library and reducing implementation overhead (e.g., the need for repeated calls to the process loop from the application). This allows your multi-threaded applications to share the same MQTT connection, and enables you to design an embedded application without having to worry about thread safety.

Reviewer: Minor but I think can be clearer for the reader.
```suggestion
The coreMQTT Agent library is a high level API that adds thread safety to the [coreMQTT](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/coreMQTT) library. The library provides thread safe equivalents to the coreMQTT's APIs, so it can be used in multi-threaded environments. The coreMQTT Agent library manages the MQTT connection by serializing the access to the coreMQTT library and reducing implementation overhead (e.g., the need for repeated calls to `MQTT_ProcessLoop` API from the application). This allows your multi-threaded applications to share the same MQTT connection, and enables you to design an embedded application without having to worry about thread safety.
```

git submodule update --init --recursive
```

## coreMQTT Agent Library Configurations

> The MQTT Agent library exposes build configuration macros that are required for building the library.

Reviewer 2: I find this whole section confusing, please simplify.  For example "the agent library uses the same configuration file as coreMQTT, with the addition of the configuration constants listed at the top of [link to file where they are]." - or  "use of the coreMQTT agent requires the configuration parameters listed at the top of [link to file] to be added to the coreMQTT configuration file".  Or whatever.  Would also recommend linking to the API docs that describe the parameters.

Author: Reworded based on your suggestion and linked to the proper doc page

However, the MQTT Agent library does not include its own configuration file, but exposes configurable macros and their default values at the top of [core_mqtt_agent.h](source/include/core_mqtt_agent.h) and [core_mqtt_agent_command_functions.h](source/include/core_mqtt_agent_command_functions.h). Also, the library inherits any macros defined in coreMQTT's `core_mqtt_config.h`.

To provide custom values for the configuration values, they must be either:
* Defined in `core_mqtt_config.h` used by coreMQTT
**OR**
* Passed as compile time preprocessor macros

> ## Building the Library

Reviewer 2: Think this can be simplified too.  "Build the files in the x and y directories, and add z directory to your compiler's include path".  Then mention there is a cmake file for those using cmake.

Author: Added a sentence describing the source and include paths

The [mqttAgentFilePaths.cmake](mqttAgentFilePaths.cmake) file contains the information of all source files and the header include path from this repository. In addition to these files, the MQTT Agent library requires the coreMQTT library, whose file information can be obtained from `mqttFilePaths.cmake` in the [coreMQTT submodule](source/dependency/).

For a CMake example of building the MQTT Agent library with the `mqttAgentFilePaths.cmake` file, refer to the `coverity_analysis` library target in [test/CMakeLists.txt](test/CMakeLists.txt) file.

## Building Unit Tests

### Checkout CMock Submodule

To build unit tests, the submodule dependency of CMock is required. Use the following command to clone the submodule:
```
git submodule update --checkout --init --recursive test/unit-test/CMock
```

> ### Platform Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: Please make this clear that CMake and Ruby are required to build the tests, not the library.

Author: Changed

- For running unit tests
    - **C90 compiler** like gcc
    - **CMake 3.13.0 or later**
    - **Ruby 2.0.0 or later** is additionally required for the CMock test framework (that we use).
- For running the coverage target, **gcov** and **lcov** are additionally required.

### Steps to build **Unit Tests**

1. Go to the root directory of this repository. (Make sure that the **CMock** submodule is cloned as described [above](#checkout-cmock-submodule))

1. Run the *cmake* command: `cmake -S test -B build`

1. Run this command to build the library and unit tests: `make -C build all`

1. The generated test executables will be present in `build/bin/tests` folder.

1. Run `cd build && ctest` to execute all tests and view the test run summary.

## Reference examples

Please refer to the demos of the MQTT Agent library in the following locations for reference examples on FreeRTOS platforms:

| Location |
| :-: |
| [coreMQTT Agent Demos](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/coreMQTT-Agent-Demos) |
| [FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/tree/main/FreeRTOS-Plus/Demo/coreMQTT_Windows_Simulator/MQTT_Multitask) |

> ## Generating documentation

Reviewer 2: Please link to the online documentation, then say if you want to generate it yourself then follow these instruction.

Author: Added a link to the docs. It won't work until we upload it, though

git submodule update --init --recursive
```

> ## MQTT Config File

Reviewer: As coreMQTT Agent does not expose a config file, it would be better to rename this section.
```suggestion
## MQTT Agent Configurations
```

The MQTT Agent library exposes build configuration macros that are required for building the library.

> However, the MQTT Agent library does not include its own configuration file, instead inheriting any macros defined in coreMQTT's `core_mqtt_config.h`. Lists of configurable macros and their default values can be found at the top of [core_mqtt_agent.h](source/include/core_mqtt_agent.h) and [core_mqtt_agent_command_functions.h](source/include/core_mqtt_agent_command_functions.h).

Reviewer: Suggestion for better expression of the config macros specific to the Agent Library, and other configs indirectly inherited from coreMQTT/
```suggestion
However, the MQTT Agent library does not include its own configuration file, but exposes configurable macros and their default values at the top of [core_mqtt_agent.h](source/include/core_mqtt_agent.h) and [core_mqtt_agent_command_functions.h](source/include/core_mqtt_agent_command_functions.h). Also, the library inherits any macros defined in coreMQTT's `core_mqtt_config.h`. ```

Author: I'm assuming the "```" is a typo so I will edit your comment

To provide custom values for the configuration values, they must be either:
* Defined in `core_mqtt_config.h` used by coreMQTT
**OR**
* Passed as compile time preprocessor macros

## Building the Library

> The [mqttAgentFilePaths.cmake](mqttAgentFilePaths.cmake) file contains the information of all source files and the header include path from this repository. In addition to these files, the coreMQTT library is required to build the MQTT Agent library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [mqttAgentFilePaths.cmake](mqttAgentFilePaths.cmake) file contains the information of all source files and the header include path from this repository. In addition to these files, the coreMQTT library is required to build the MQTT Agent library whose files can be obtained from [mqttFilePaths.cmake](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/coreMQTT/blob/v1.1.1/mqttFilePaths.cmake) file in the [coreMQTT](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/coreMQTT) repository.
```

Reviewer 3: Should we really point to a particular version like this ? [mqttFilePaths.cmake](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/coreMQTT/blob/v1.1.). Since the Agent already submodules coreMQTT, is it necessary ?

Author: I think we could just refer to `mqttFilePaths.cmake` by name and link `coreMQTT` to the directory containing the submodule

> For a CMake example of building the MQTT library with the `mqttAgentFilePaths.cmake` file, refer to the `coverity_analysis` library target in [test/CMakeLists.txt](test/CMakeLists.txt) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a CMake example of building the MQTT Agent library with the `mqttAgentFilePaths.cmake` file, refer to the `coverity_analysis` library target in [test/CMakeLists.txt](test/CMakeLists.txt) file.
```

```
git submodule update --checkout --init --recursive test/unit-test/CMock
```

### Platform Prerequisites

- For running unit tests
    - **C90 compiler** like gcc
    - **CMake 3.13.0 or later**
    - **Ruby 2.0.0 or later** is additionally required for the CMock test framework (that we use).
- For running the coverage target, **gcov** and **lcov** are additionally required.

### Steps to build **Unit Tests**

1. Go to the root directory of this repository. (Make sure that the **CMock** submodule is cloned as described [above](#checkout-cmock-submodule))

1. Run the *cmake* command: `cmake -S test -B build`

1. Run this command to build the library and unit tests: `make -C build all`

1. The generated test executables will be present in `build/bin/tests` folder.

1. Run `cd build && ctest` to execute all tests and view the test run summary.

## Reference examples

Please refer to the demos of the MQTT Agent library in the following locations for reference examples on FreeRTOS platforms:

| Location |
| :-: |
| [coreMQTT Agent Demos](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/coreMQTT-Agent-Demos) |

> | [FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/tree/main/FreeRTOS-Plus/Demo) |

Reviewer: Should this specifically point to the Multitask demo?
```suggestion
| [FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/tree/main/FreeRTOS-Plus/Demo/coreMQTT_Windows_Simulator/MQTT_Multitask) |
```

Author: Perhaps. I just used the same link that coreMQTT is using, in case the name/directory of the specific demo ever changed

Author: I added this change
